 1: Good luck!
    Also, some puzzles contain Easter eggs like this one. Yes, I know it's not traditional to do advent calendars for Easter.
 2: feet
    Yes, I realize most of these presents are luxury yachts.
 3: eggnoggedly
    This absolutely real word was invented by someone flipping eggnoggedly through a dictionary.
 4: AdventCoins
    Hey, mined your own business!
 5: aeiouaeiouaeiou
    John Madden John Madden John Madden
 6: 1000x1000 grid
    Hey, be glad I'm not asking for the resistance between two points!
 7: assembling the circuit
    You had one of these as a kid, right?
 8: escape
    It is common for many programmers to try to escape from string escaping.  No such luck here.
 9: new locations
    Bonus points if you recognize all of the locations.
10: 50
    Only because any longer started taking alarmingly long on my test hardware, and I wanted to avoid excluding people.
11: expired again
    The corporate policy says your password expires after 12 seconds.  For security.
12: encounter
    Nor are you likely to be eaten by a grue... during *this* puzzle, anyway.
13: calculate
    Finding a method to calculate happiness units is left as an exercise for the reader.
14: entirely ridiculous
    It also risks choosing a duration that isn't coprime with the cycle times of each reindeer.
15: these two ingredients
    * I know what your preference is, but...
16: seemingly random breeds of dog
    It can tell them apart by their distinct Dog Residue.
17: arrives
    Apparently, Amazon ships to the North Pole now.
18: ten thousand lights
    This is an outrage!  We're going to the next town hall meeting.
19: electron
    It's a Red-Nosed Reindeer electron.
20: by hand, door-to-door
    This was before the Elves unionized, apparently.
21: Henry Case
    The sky above the battle is the color of television, tuned to a dead channel.
22: wizard
    Being a !@#$% Sorcerer.
23: unknown benefactor
    Definitely not Wintermute.
24: "complications"
    Santa does not elaborate on what he means by this, but the cringe he makes indicates that it wouldn't be pretty.
25: infinite sheet of paper
    The paper is very thin so it can be folded up neatly into the manual.
**: highlighted
    Yep, just like that.  There's one in the description for each day.
